<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<body>
This past year by practicing meditation and dance I have found myself realizing the importance of safety. Physical safety in the freedom from sexual oppression and violence around my body and emotional safety in the freedom to express feelings without a set of guidelines that regulate the kind of person I must be. I believe these safetys are imperatives every body is entitled to. With that in mind, I also understand that these safetys I value may not be valued in the same way by others. In some cases, this value is not considered as such because it does not seem immediately fruitful to the basic needs of survival; food, water, shelter, and sleep which can be bought or exchanged for money. 

Money viewed in this way becomes an object which is the prerequisite to most possibilities beyond survival.This is what I think my parents think about when they go to work everyday. Growing up in poverty left them with a story they are continuing in the United States. “I need to work hard to provide a home to live in, a place to sleep, something to eat and water to drink for me and my family.” This is the story that they tell and it was passed down to me, unknowingly. I heard stories as a “motivation” to work hard in school and to be grateful for where I was and how I was living. Entering into college I uncovered and calmed this nerve. I made room for understanding and learning more about my behaviors. Why was Q okay to do and not S? Why was it hard for me to say YES and not NO. 

Integrity is something important to me. It is a sense of security I have in my own morals and values that gives me confidence and courage to express myself in more ways than one. Having found myself in safe hands from my own practices of meditation and dance, I feel I have tools to better explore the relationships that were my conditions growing up that did not allow for the safetys I presently value. It is a personal exploration but a more fertile place when shared and experienced with others. 

	The modes of sharing I am occupied with are body based and are focused on creating a space where the self can be witnessed and felt by others, who in the act of giving, or recieving have something at stake. The space is productive, engaging and allows room for fluidity. I want to learn more about and experience the techniques that are presently being practiced that engage personal storytelling as a method to rediscover and illuminate the self to overcome shame and guilt, as an act to re-empower and take responsibility for myself. 
</body>
</html>
